What is another type of accountant other than a CPA? 
What idea was Tesla a fan of? 
What is the oldest surviving European tapestry in the V&A collection? 
What did Jamukha request from Temüjin instead of friendship? 
How do co-teachers work with each other to fulfill the needs of students? 
What kind of region can be found inside the urban area of southern California? 
What Fields Medal winning Mathematician is a faculty member at Harvard? 
Where were missing patents later found? 
What percentage of oxygen will a zeolite sieve produce? 
How many people were in French North American Colonies? 
What type of teaching would help the most with everyday life? 
How many Nobel Laureates are among the school alumni? 
Low doses of anti-inflammatories are sometimes used with what classes of drugs? 
What famous writer was Tesla's good friend? 
Who does a gender pay gap tend to favor? 
Where was Parliament's temporary home whilst the permanent building was being built? 
What can't Parliament do that causes equality and democracy to be deficient? 
Whose theory was the theory of continental drift? 
How many white settlers were living in Kenya in the 1950's? 
Petrologists identify rock samples in the field and where else? 
What would Mongol armies divert in order to cut off the resources of cities they were attacking? 
Where does the Lek join? 
Where was Tesla's property sent? 
what did tesla note the hazards of working with? 
Which Middle Eastern nation in particular views Genghis Khan as a contemptible perpetrator of genocide? 
Thousands of madrasahs spawned what organization? 
What is floridean? 
What country has such unmanageable students that many teachers do not discipline them? 
What organization did Tesla serve as vice president of? 
When could V&A Dundee? 
What is a single Plastoglobuli called? 
What globally popular half marathon began in 1981? 
What did Astor expect the money be used for? 
When did Tesla begin working for the Continental Edison Company? 
When did he first mention wireless communication? 
What did Tesla call his electrical effects in 1893? 
What should a teacher guide a student in? 
What amount of time was the longest that Tesla spent working without stopping to rest? 
Who led the most rapid expansion of the Mongol Empire? 
What season was it when Genghis Khan took Xiliang-fu from the Tanguts? 
When did the FCC freeze incoming applications for new stations? 
To which year has the Rococo Augustus Rex Bureau Cabinet been dated? 
What element is used as a coolant in the process of making liquid oxygen? 
What did Lavoisier conclude was consumed by combustion in his experiments? 
How common was the form of corporal punishment in the past? 
What are teachers considered to be in Germany? 
What is one supplementary source of European Union law? 
What extinction event might have created some conditions allowing the expansion of the amazon rainforest? 
what other digital TV service took Sky UK Limited's most popular spot? 
When did Gerhard Lessing reach his conclusions about Luther? 
What criticism in NY times article that impacts the quality of Education at Harvard? 
How were enemy prisoners used tactically by Mongol armies? 
What celestial object eluded efforts to measure oxygen? 
When did Tesla become friends with Viereck? 
What additional benefits are there to surrounding community of expansion? 
To whom did Toghrul refuse to give his daughter in marriage, angering Temüjin? 
What was the original name of California State University at Fresno? 
What are teachers expected to give their students? 
In the United States, what is a usual turbine speed with 60 Hertz of power? 
What is the minimum required if you want to teach in Canada? 
Who was Tesla trying to photograph when he accidentally took the X-Ray image? 
What kind of water body is rumored to be obscuring Genghis Khan's burial site? 
What is the only story of the original series where Doctor Who travels alone? 
What scientist told the French Academy of Sciences that he had found how to liquefy oxygen? 
Stephen Eilmann asks why show public civil disobedience instead what is a better idea? 
Besides combustion, for what other action did Mayow show nitroaereus responsible? 
What measurement do scientists used to determine the quality of water? 
What is the highest reference hospital in all of Poland? 
What didn't Newton's mechanics affext? 
Where in China is Genghis Khan most favorably viewed today? 
What has replaced lower skilled workers in the United States? 
Who might Temüjin have been named after? 
Which material is the Becket Casket made from? 
With whom was Temüjin's first important alliance? 
Where are America's oldest collection of maps, gazettes, and atlases housed? 
What types of teachers are retiring the most? 
From whom were the movement that Eliot followed derived? 
Who is the Costa Rican President that went to Harvard? 
What did Tesla develop in 1887? 
What would a community member need to teach informally? 
Where was Tesla's new lab? 
Which network regained the ratings lead in America in 1984? 
What type of relationships do enthusiastic teachers cause? 
What award was given to Tesla? 
What funds cannot be used if a teacher is not registered? 
What trading route joined Khwarezmia and the Mongol Empire? 
What system did Tesla recommend to Niagara Falls in 1893? 
On which magazine's cover did Tesla appear in 1931 
How did Tesla know he was being struck by the particle? 
Where was a lab for Tesla set up? 
What would a Probationer need to do to earn more money, after 6 years? 
When did Astor provide the money? 
How big were his artificial bolts? 
What was special about Tesla's memory? 
What did Astor expect the money be used for? 
What are alternate English spelling of Genghis? 
How did Tesla lose his tuition money? 
When did Robert Crispin go up against the Turks? 
What could Tesla perform in his head? 
Where did Johnson stop? 
How much did Tesla spend on the injured pigeon? 
What can be the result of a change in an organization? 
What magazine did Tesla talk to about the strange signals? 
A teacher must be a member in good standing with what entity in many situations? 
Where did Genghis Khan spend the summer after taking Deshun? 
What is the term for closing off rivers that are no longer connected? 
Where can the Treatise be found? 
Who ordered the attack on the caravan of traders Genghis Khan send to Khwarezmia? 
What's the biggest difference in the teaching relationship for primary and secondary school? 
What part the composition of the Earth's atmosphere is comprised of oxygen? 
What is a common practice in official corporal punishment? 
What medical appliance can be a concern for oxygen toxicity? 
A decision made by what entity restored Tesla's patents? 
Who would a teacher's college be protecting? 
Of what group in the periodic table is oxygen a member? 
What company created Doctor Who? 
What major crop was brought to China from the west? 
In what year did Harvard win an Intercolleiate Sailing Association National Championship? 
Who wrote a resounding letter to the elector praising Luther? 
In what year did Tesla go to Budapest? 
What was the definition of professionals, for this study? 
What type of architecture is represented in the majestic churches? 
What year was Jamukha elected Gür Khan? 
The reasons for the las two counties to be added are based on what? 
What did Priestley name the gas his experiment produced? 
How much time did he claim had to pass before he gave the ray to the world? 
Along with the Congregation of Christian Brothers, what is a notable religious group that runs fee-paying schools in Ireland? 
Why did Harvard end its early admission program? 
How much did Tesla receive from the sale of Wardenclyffe? 
In dioxygen how are the two oxygen atoms bonded together? 
When did Tesla make these claims? 
What year did Börte's give birth to Jochi? 
What is a common punishment in Singapore? 
What is Tesla's home country? 
What did Tesla do for a job that paid two dollars a day? 
What type of system did Tesla suggest to Adams? 
What type of discipline do critics want to see? 
Which of Genghis Khan's sons completed the conquest of the Jin dynasty? 
In which year did the gallery devoted to Chinese art open? 
In what body of water is the Harvard - Yale Regatta held? 
How tall was Tesla? 
How did Genghis Khan observed the surrender terms after Samarkand fell? 
What disease did Tesla catch? 
When did Mongke Khan become Great Khan? 
What year did Tesla enroll at an engineering school? 
Which theory of Einstein's did Tesla speak critically toward? 
What gets transferred to students who are receptive to the teacher? 
When was Phags-pa script invented? 
Who ruled the duchy of Normandy 
What is the center library in the Harvard library system? 
What can cause salaries to go higher than the range? 
Which two Mongol leaders added Persia to the Mongol Empire? 
Along with the American Institute of Electrical Engineers what other institute eventually became the IEEE? 
What ground based group did Tesla think the weapon could be used on? 
At what point does oxygen toxicity begin to happen? 
How many central conferences are outside of the United States? 
What is the mayor of Warsaw called? 
Who financed General Electric's attempts to takeover Westinghouse? 
Who gave Genghis Khan the title Khadan? 
What sport attracts most tourists to Jacksonville? 
How much did Tesla sell his AC patents to Westinghouse Electric for? 
What other catalysts can be used to produce oxygen? 
What position did Tesla hold in the American Institute of Electrical Engineers? 
What can a teacher use to help students learn? 
How did Morgan react to the request? 
what did he do for $2 a day? 
How was the school able to bring aboard the best talented students? 
What year was Jamukha surrendered to Temüjin? 
What was the capital of Khwarezmia before the Mongol invasion? 
What theatre was the best example of "Polish monumental theatre"? 
Who wanted to acquire patents an AC motor. 
What crime drama debuted on ABC in September 1994? 
What is the Mongolian name for the original place of the Genghis Khan mausoleum? 
What is the term for catching the motivation expressed by the teacher? 
Where are longitudinal waves found? 
Which Mongol leader was most opposed to Jochi as Genghis Khan's successor? 
What kind of market is Kenya considered? 
What do professional athletes seek to boost from breathing oxygen? 
Would opportunities be the same in each subject, or would they vary? 
What is the general perception of non-Mongolian histories of Genghis Khan by Mongolians themselves? 
What other location did Apollo 1 test at besides Kennedy Space Center? 
What happened to prompt NASA to record over archived magnetic tapes? 
What is tertiary education? 
What Columbia President went to Harvard? 
Which country used to rule California? 
What city north of New York was settled by Huguenots? 
When could a teacher act in the role of a parent? 
What did Mitsubishi rename its Forte to? 
Which study showed double the rate of anxiety? 
Nonverbal expressions resulted in what kind of levels of motivation to learn? 
What was the ratio of British settler to French? 
What happened to his ribs in the accident? 
Who may be a spiritual teacher in the LDS Church? 
What did the particle do to Tesla? 
How was religion handled in the Mongol Empire? 
What might offering bonuses help reduce? 
What was Westinghouse potentially trying to avoid by paying Tesla? 
How many general principles does the Social Charter declare? 
Is the focus on spiritual mentorship in Hinduism high or low? 
Of what did da Vinci think a part  was consumed during combustion? 
When did the V&A acquired the Costiff collection? 
Who owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent of people in the U.S.? 
What country is this teaching subject discussing? 
Who played a part in the development of radar in France? 
How many tiers are in the Australian form of learning? 
Why did Tesla go to Karlovac? 
How quickly is the sea level rising? 
Pressures greater than what can lead to convulsions? 
In what geographical portion of Wales is Abercynon located? 
At the time of its formation, how many congregations did the UMC have? 
What did Tesla's teachers believe he was doing while in school? 
What does ABC on Demand disallow for online viewers? 
What happened to Dane? 
In what year of 20th century, did Harvard release an important document about education in America? 
Who may not require that its teachers be certified? 
To which year is the Gloucester Candlestick dated? 
How far from the Yard is the Quad located? 
In what process is singlet oxygen usually formed? 
What country's schools have codes of behavior that are very strict? 
What type of image was Tesla thought to have accidentally taken a week prior to the announcement of its discovery? 
What health problem did Tesla have in 1879? 
Why is using O2 instead of CO2 less efficient? 
What South African Vice Consul did Harvard students blockade the speech of? 
What does the title Gür Khan mean? 
When was the Teaching Council Act passed? 
Where did France lose a war in the 1950's? 
Where would profits go in this new company? 
Where did Tesla believe his talents came from? 
Despite the Presburger problem, and in view of intractability, what has been done to establish solutions in reasonable periods of time? 
What famous conductor went to Harvard? 
How old was tesla when he became a US citizen? 
Which lone female architect listed above is represented in the collection? 
What percentage of Newcastle's population was culled by the plague? 
In what year did the first ABC identification card have a 3D appearance? 
Where were missing patents later found? 
An adobe that provides less utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what? 
When did the General Sejm make Warsaw it's permanent seat? 
What distinct quality of combustion was  absent from philogiston theory? 
Even in large firms, architects, interior designers, engineers, developers, construction managers, and general contractors were more likely to be what? 
What was Tesla, Brown and Peck's new company? 
What was one of theories as to what caused Tesla's father's unspecified illness? 
When did Carl Wilhelm Scheele discover oxygen? 
What is the modern term for the Mongolian policies supporting trade and communication? 
What does AC stand for? 
What is the name for a response of the immune system that damages the body's native tissues? 
How are decisions made on behave of the EU made? 
What eponymous variation of arithmetic presents a decision problem not evidenced in P? 
How much higher was the 42% occupation stress figure, compared to other jobs? 
What did Iqbal's Allahabad address inspire? 
What market other than Harrogate, Cheltenham, Bath, inner London, Hastings and Brighton is overinflated? 
Who did Tesla think would run the world of the future? 
what did tesla do at his old school in 1879? 
From where was the Muslim historical figure Attar, whose murder by the Mongols was long remembered? 
ABC continued NBC Blue's tradition of what? 
When did oil finally returned to its Bretton Woods levels? 
Who runs the University of Chicago? 
How many residential dorms house upper class, sophomore, Jr, and Sr students? 
What did Tesla work as after dropping out? 
What characteristic due most items display after burning? 
What working fluid is used in a mercury vapor turbine? 
Why did the police bring Tesla back to Gospic? 
What is another name for exoteric? 
What Yuan policies did Muslims dislike? 
In what year did Harvard end its early admission program? 
In what group of compounds is oxygen a necessary part? 
When did Tesla go to Tomingaj? 
In a platoon style teaching, what gives the children security? 
In what type of molecules are oxygen found? 
In which year did Genghis Khan strike against the Tanguts? 
What makes the Wells Fargo Center stand out? 
When did French learn about Braddock's plans? 
What was the total number of patents that Tesla had? 
What increases student's motivation to learn? 
How many US states do no practice corporal punishment? 
What institute did the university announced to everyone in 2008? 
What occurs after a dive in which a diver decompresses too quickly? 
Where can Tesla's theories as to what caused the skin damage be found? 
What kind of fiction is Tesla's work featured in? 
Where did Tesla go to feed the pigeons daily? 
How great were the losses suffered in the the financial crisis of 2008-09 to Harvard endowment? 
When did Marconi transmit similar signals to those Tesla received? 
What was published in February of 2007? 
Besides publishing To the Christian Nobility of the German Nation and On the Babylonian Captivity of the Church, what other work did Luther produce in 1520? 
What language is used to educate in Wales? 
What does a student's academic goals include? 
What helped the Lama determine to be reborn? 
Who was Westinghouse's chief rival? 
Where did Tesla and Twain hang out? 
What type of mixture was created to replace the pure oxygen atmosphere inside the cabin? 
What was used to accelerate the tungsten pellets? 
The issues of what era did Tesla's article talk about? 
Which TFEU article defines the ordinary legislative procedure that applies for majority of EU acts? 
What cable provider did ABC reach an agreement with in 1993 to carry it's owned-and-operated stations in ABC O&O markets? 
Which descendant of Genghis Khan sacked Baghdad? 
At first, what did oxygen and iron combine to form? 
What do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells store carbon dioxide in? 
When did Tesla go to Prague? 
What is another term for Tesla's visualization ability? 
In what process is the uptake from oxygen necessary? 
Who received a bid in 1915? 
What did Genghis Khan do to the Tangut imperial family after their surrender? 
Common Sense Realism of what Scottish philosophers did Agassiz incorporate in his dual view of knowedge? 
In addition to schools, where else is popularly based authority effective? 
Who ends up getting more of the teacher's resources in this scenario? 
Since Luther believed that the Turks were sent by God, what was their purpose? 
Jenggis is the adjectival form of what word? 
What did the Shah do when faced with defeat by Genghis Khan's forces? 
Who edited Electrical World magazine? 
Commensal flora can change what specific conditions of their environment in the gastrointestinal tract? 
What form of oxygen is composed of three oxygen atoms? 
What characteristic did Tesla say helped his scientific abilities? 
What president eliminated the Christian position in the curriculum? 
What dynasty did Genghis Khan plan to attack after conquering Western Xia? 
In what year did Roger Rocka's Dinner Theater & Good Company Players open? 
Of what does the covalent double bond result from ? 
What was the name of the Tangut capital? 
What did Tesla do in Maribor for work? 
Who was the head of the household that Temüjin joined when he was nine years old? 
In 2005, approximately how many congregations were in the UMC? 
Which of Genghis Khan's sons was disqualified from being successor because of his unstable behavior? 
Who do Priesthood representatives defer to, at times? 
What was the name of Börte's second male child? 
In addition to teaching within the family, where else is informal teaching done? 
How did some suspect that Polo learned about China instead of by actually visiting it? 
Who demonstrated the Egg of Columbus? 
What is Harvard's most intense rival? 
What kind of state was the Khwarezmia? 
What disease did Tesla contract in 1873? 
Which set of countries have higher economic mobility than the United States? 
What concept, originally discovered by Black, was later discovered independently by Watt? 
What did Luther explain about acquiring God's grace? 
What is considered an all graduate profession in Scotland? 
What molecule does the Sun have in higher proportion than Earth? 
What did Tesla do in December 1878? 
Which descendant of Genghis Khan is remembered as having reunified China? 
What are the top 4-5% graduating students honored with? 
After the Oligocene period, under what period did the amazon rainforest begin to expand? 
When did Tesla attain his electrical transmitter patent? 
How did Chinese medicine spread? 
What component of water is more soluble than nitrogen? 
What type of musical instruments did the Yuan bring to China? 
According to the Nobel Foundation what has to happen before someone can decline a prize? 
Aside from oxides, what other compounds comprise a large portion of the Earth's crust? 
At what temperatures is O2 more soluble? 
Before the formation of which planet, did Sol lose oxygen 16? 
By what century did researchers see that they could liquefy air? 
By sunlight, what compound did  Priestley concentrate on to make the gas he called "dephlogisticated air"? 
D'Olier Street is named after whom? 
How is Genghis Khan written in pinyin? 
How many US presidents are alumni of the school? 
How much did Westinghouse pay for Tesla's designs? 
How many divisions comprised Genghis Khan's army in Khwarezmia? 
How far west did the Mongol Empire extend after Kuchlug's demise? 
How is the Pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world? 
How much is the sieve method of gas production used? 
How many affiliates carry the ABC network feed in 480i standard definition? 
How many atoms combine to form dioxygen? 
How many courses must a local lay servant take? 
How many sons did Börte bear Genghis Khan after Jochi? 
How old was Tesla when he became a citizen of the US? 
How many people attended the funeral? 
In 1500 AD how many people were believed to have lived in the Amazon region? 
In what year did Tesla graduate from the Higher Real Gymnasium? 
In what magazine did Tesla talk about reflecting electricity off of submarine's hulls? 
In a report on K-12 teachers, which teachers had the lowest median salary? 
In what time frame did Tesla weigh almost exactly the same amount? 
In what type of water does oxygen dissolve more slowly? 
In which Middle Eastern country is Genghis Khan's title a popular name for male children? 
In which city was Tesla's consultant job for Westinghouse? 
Is the Pope's confessor a Bishop? 
Long-lived memory cells can remember previous encounters with what? 
On whose comments is the posting on the door based? 
Recent studies believe  that ctenophores are the sister lineage to what? 
Students show more interest in classes taught by what type of teachers? 
The Muslim Brotherhood's competence compares well against what type of local governments? 
The flags on the moon left by the U.S. manned Apollo missions are all still standing save for which mission's flag? 
The symbol for mercuric oxide is? 
To ensure safety of future space missions Oxygen was used at _____ of the normal pressure. 
To which technology type that Tesla worked on did the caption refer to? 
What does the Fogg Museum of Art cover? 
What did Genghis Khan expect from his generals alongside the autonomy he granted them? 
What is Pedanius Dioscorides known for? 
What Philadelphia institution did Tesla give a demonstration to? 
What was Tesla's friends' theory as to what became of him? 
What was the UK governments benefits agenchy checking in 2012? 
What must a public school teacher have, at a minimum? 
What are the most abundant kind of phagocyte? 
What new technology allowed ABC to pre-record its shows? 
What animals may have been stampeded over Genghis Khan's grave site? 
What is another general name for a religious teacher? 
What is another term for Tesla's visualization ability? 
What chemical did Priestley use in his experiments on oxygen? 
What city did Tesla move to in 1880? 
What does co-teaching get the students to focus on? 
How did Mongol armies lure enemy groups out of their defensive positions? 
What did Tesla tell Brisbane he didn't believe in? 
What did a greedy merchant do to the mermaid? 
What did Tesla accidentally cause? 
What did Tesla claim to be able to transmit? 
What did Tesla explore in Tominaj? 
What did Philo incorrectly assume that the air became? 
What did Temüjin offer the people he conquered in order earn their loyalty? 
What does the Secret History say Genghis Khan was doing when he sustained his mortal injuries? 
What is the equality of forces between two objects exerting force on each other?? 
What did he find that could constitute a hazard? 
What icons were reintroduced in series 2 of the revival show? 
What implication can be derived for P and NP if P and co-NP are established to be unequal? 
What individual is the school named after? 
What is colonialism's core meaning? 
What party is President Kibaki part of? 
What is also decided by the Presiding Officer? 
What is commonly believed to be the value relationship between P and co-NP 
What is Southern California often abbreviated as? 
What process is responsible for the planet's oxygen content? 
What is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in Cambridge? 
What substance is used to make high quality liquid O2? 
What kind of self-consistent models are physicists trying to make that would create a theory of everything? 
What language is used in Chinese primary schools in Malaysia? 
What later invention was Tesla's idea similar to? 
What memorial was built years after Genghis Khan's death and burial? 
What monarchy did western troops protect? 
What network approached Walt Disney about producing color broadcasts of his anthology series? 
What was the occasion for the boat demonstration? 
What type of opportunities would be expected from these counties? 
What type of parenting role does a teacher take on? 
What older dynasty was replaced by the Western Liao, or Qara Khitai? 
What famous person congratulated him? 
What welding process was demonstrated in 1901? 
What mountain range did Genghis Khan cross to enter the Khwarezmian Empire? 
What sea bordered Genghis Khan's empire to the east when he died? 
What chemist showed that fire needed only a part of air? 
What was a similar view about the Asian continent called? 
What sort of waves did he claim to observe? 
What story was the first Doctor Who audio release based on? 
What is the term for the highest living saint? 
What happened to Tesla's belongings? 
What type of animal did onlookers claim was piloting the boat? 
What would type of studying would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role? 
Who was Tesla's main influence in Karlovac? 
What was Tesla afraid someone was trying to do with his invention? 
What was it called when Tesla lit a wireless gas-discharge lamp using a high-frequency, high-voltage alternating current? 
What was Brown's job? 
What was Kenneth Swezey's job? 
What was the daily distance walked by Tesla? 
What was the source of the Rhine in the last Ice Age? 
What weapon did Marco Pole report as the cause of Genghis Khan's death? 
What were Tesla's sisters' names? 
What were some of Tesla's experiments? 
What year did the Khwarezmian Empire fall to Genghis Khan? 
What year was Casimir Pulaski born in Warsaw? 
When did Khan establish the Great Yuan? 
When was Tesla brought to Gospic? 
When did Obama finally visit Kenya? 
When did Tesla graduate? 
When did Tesla move to New York City? 
When did the undergraduate program become coeducational? 
What did he claim the weapon would end? 
When is the oldest armed seal of Warsaw from? 
When was Nikola Tesla born? 
When was the Ottoman empire at its height? 
Where did Kublai move the Mongol capital to? 
Where did Tesla begin a new job at in 1882? 
What did he hope to locate underground? 
What is the NASUWT? 
Where was Tesla's laboratory established? 
Where was Genghis Khan likely born? 
What has a Lama determined to do? 
What could a teacher help in organizing? 
Which battle did Temüjin lose to Jamukha shortly after his election as khan? 
Which country today is a remnant of the Ottoman empire? 
What year is the earliest traces of the color Crimson at Harvard? 
What class sizes can make keeping order difficult? 
Who played Doctor Who in the revival series? 
Who described Kublai's China to Europe? 
Who arranged for Tesla to demonstrate his system at the IEEE? 
Who cannot be employed by a school in any manner? 
Who created the code that governed military and civilian conduct in the Mongol Empire? 
Who was delegated command of the Mongol forces against the Jin dynasty? 
Who did Tesla work for in the 1880s? 
Who figured out that his law of gravity had to be universal? 
Who kidnapped Temüjin's first wife soon after they were married? 
Who led the Kievian Rus' troops against Subutai's Mongol army? 
Who outbid General Electric to provide light to the World's Columbian Exposition? 
Who served his dinner? 
What is the size of the school's endowment? 
Who would decide on the curricula that is consistent and standard? 
What powered Tesla's high energy terminal vacuum tube? 
Why did he fire the secretary? 
Who did he fire? 
What is similar to literacy that a teacher would teach? 
What river is near Genghis Khan's likely place of burial? 
How many atoms combine to form dioxygen? 
Which residents of Bukhara were spared and sent back to Mongolia? 
What does the title Gür Khan mean? 
What material's weight gain during rusting was an early clue that philogiston theory was wrong? 
Why would rampant violence prevent people from going to work? 
With whom must someone who wants to teach register? 
how long did Tesla spend redesigning the motor and generators? 
In a market economy, what is inequality a reflection of? 
In dioxygen how are the two oxygen atoms bonded together? 
Of what length are engine cycle events when the simplest valve gears are used? 
What did a 1530 royal act restrict shipments of? 
what was Tesla's financial situation after being forced out? 
Who won the battle of Lake George? 
What denomination is associated with Saint Kentigern College? 
What language is used in Chinese secondary schools in Malaysia? 
What caused the delay during the development of the AC motor. 
What Egyptologist was also apart of the university's faculty? 
How do you pronounce Fresno? 
What did S&P recommend to somewhat remedy the wealth gap? 
What Western country is corporal punishment still allowed? 
What sort of motion did Watt's steam engine continuously produce? 
What was William Johnson's Iroquois name? 
How common of a type was corporal punishment in schools? 
Which Mongolian president lauded Genghis Khan on the 850th anniversary of the conqueror's birth? 
What fields have increased in influence on pharmacy in the United States? 
How was it suggested that the IPCC avoid political problems? 
How many universities offer an Initial Teacher Education (ITE) program? 
What health problem did Tesla have in 1879? 
Where did Tesla work with Edison? 
Who destroyed the most valuable relics in the mausoleum during the Cultural Revolution? 
What has caused China to suspend their railway project? 
How man volumes does the The University of Chicago Library system hold? 
What do capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a Marxian analysis? 
Who transported Tesla's ashes from the US. 
What type of boundaries help to define the way kids behave? 
What type of authority do Sudbury schools prefer? 
Who other than Tesla did Westinghouse consider for the patents? 
What were the cultural origins of the engineers and technology adopted by the Mongol military? 
Which current type was Tesla in favor of? 
Of what were materials that left little residue thought to contain? 
Since what year has the UMC been exploring a possible merger with three historically African-American denominations? 
What is the foundation for separation results within complexity classes? 
What is something that teacher's are at a high risk for? 
How much more land does the school own in Allston than Cambridge? 
When did WLS launch a lineup of ABC radio programs? 
What are Harvard's Pell grant reserves? 
What day was Tesla's funeral? 
What is the role of teachers in education? 
What was the date of Tesla's death? 
What did John Mayow  name the part of air that caused combustion? 
Which Mongol conqueror was most celebrated by the Mughal emperors? 
What did Jamukha request from Temüjin instead of friendship? 
What type of surveys show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface? 
How many weight rooms are in the Malkin Athletic Center 
How did the plague infiltrate Alexandria? 
Where was Tesla studying when he started playing cards and billiards? 
What can chloroplasts change into? 
What was the recorded length of the first spark? 
Who approved of this plan? 
What "dynamic theory" did Tesla say he finished in 1937? 
What is an abbreviation for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints? 
What does the acronym LEM stand for? 
What language were classes held in at Tesla's school? 
Who first discovered his body? 
What interfered with Kublai's second invasion of Japan? 
When die Tesla turn his attention to trying to understand invisible radiant energy? 
What feature of the Shah's army enable the weary Mongol forces easy early victories? 
In the Rankine cycle, in what state is the working fluid received in the condenser? 
When was the final legislative proposals for a Scottish Assembly passed? 
When was the ABC Pictures division eventually dissolved? 
Who kidnapped Temüjin's first wife soon after they were married? 
Which of Genghis Khan's descendants pushed the Mamluks out of Palestine? 
Le grand asks for a variance of what three terms? 
What chemical element was the cause of the Apollo 1 disastrous outcome? 
Why did Tesla want funds from Morgan? 
When did photosynthetic organisms evolve on Earth? 
What type of reaction is present in the emergency oxygen generator of an airplane? 
Why was Tesla returned to Gospic? 
Which tribe did Temüjin move in with at nine years of age? 
What has caused savanna regions to grow into the South American tropics in the last 34 million years? 
Milutin Tesla died at what age? 
In 2009 what was the total of Grants awarded from Harvard? 
What happened to his lab? 
Who often plays the Fourth Doctor in comedy parodies? 
Who taught Temüjin early lessons about politics in Mongolia? 
What was Tesla's position with Westinghouse? 
What is dramatic gesturing an example of? 
Where was Temüjin's patron Toghrul exiled? 
Which of his future general's fathers helped Temüjin escape the Tayichi'ud? 
What other health issues did Luther have? 
According to certain Geographical theories what type of human does a tropical climate produce? 
What sort of power transmission did Tesla show off at his labs? 
When did Tesla enroll in Austrian Polytechnic? 
Who argues that the government redistributes wealth by force? 
Which two Mongol leaders added Persia to the Mongol Empire? 
What city is near a major statue of Genghis Khan? 
Where was the Continental Edison Company located? 
What feature of the Amazon made people believe it couldn't have many inhabitants? 
What was the tribe of the woman Temüjin married when he was around 16 years old? 
What event would necessitate airline passengers to need a supplemental supply of oxygen? 
Who hired Tesla in New York? 
What caused the dynamos to be burnt out? 
What was the occasion when he claimed he'd made the death ray? 
What weapons were the Zulus using during the Anglo-Zulu War of 1879? 
To what is 50 kilopascals equal? 
Why did Berlin Huguenots switch to German from French in their services? 
What tv host and writer went to Harvard? 
In what year did Tesla die? 
How is Temüjin written in pinyin? 
What would a teacher do for someone who is timid? 
When did Tesla admit to a reporter that maybe he'd sacrificed too much by not having a relationship? 
What is the duration of Harvard Academic year? 
What kind of weapons did Tesla's treatise concern? 
By what name was the Mongol army that finally conquered Bulgaria known? 
Whose plan called for the Mongolian army to split in two after the Khwarezmian conquest? 
What type of organization would need large quantities of pure oxygen? 
What might cause a higher student interest in learning the presented subject? 
Why did Toghun Temur dismiss Toghtogha? 
What happened in 1901? 
To which trading route did Genghis Khan bring a stable political climate? 
What did Tesla begin to research in March 1896? 
Immunological memory can take what two forms? 
What writing inspired the name Great Yuan? 
Who did Tesla refuse to see following the accident? 
What do Cydippids use to capture their prey? 
What organization offers monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 100 million digits? 
Where was it shown to have a 0.3% prevalence of sexual abuse by professionals? 
Where did he work on the oscillators? 
How long would Tesla spend gambling sometimes? 
What recent decade saw brightening of the perception of Genghis Khan in Mongolia? 
What was the percentage of whit people in Fresno in 2010? 
When did the very first plugs-out test occur? 
What financial issue is notoriously prevalent in the construction field? 
In what year was the school renamed as Harvard College? 
Because of certain statements what was the believed state of his religious views? 
Which town's massacre did Genghis Khan order in retribution for the treatment of his envoys? 
Who gave Tesla's eulogy? 
What does the Rhine merge with outside of Germany? 
What motor did they end up using instead of the one Tesla wanted? 
What modern city is located on the original Huguenot colony? 
How many valves did the Corliss engine use? 
Who was Robert's son? 
How many warriors did Toghrul provide Temüjin when his wife was captured? 
Which sized cars were the least demanded cars in the crisis? 
What is the position of the satellite that allowed sky to broadcast channels almost elclusively for the United Kingdom? 
When did Tesla depart from Colorado Springs? 
What allows the adaptive immune system to react faster and more strongly each subsequent time a pathogen is encountered? 
When was the Latin version of the word Norman first recorded? 
What country has higher scores on standardized tests than the U.S.? 
Who designed the garden for the University Library? 
In 2007, what was the high end of the salary range? 
In what year was the school formed? 
What type of teacher is required in the Western Europe model of discipline? 
What is the Mongolian spelling of Genghis Khan? 
When did he first get out of bed following the accident? 
Before which military campaign did Chagatai publicly dispute Jochi's paternity? 
What must a teacher show towards the course materials for increase learning? 
Who is responsible for education in the country of Australia? 
How many years could separate outbreaks of the black death? 
Which city is planned to be a part of the California High Speed Rail? 
Who is the patron saint of the Huguenots? 
Who is viewed as the first modern geologist? 
How much gold did Victoria produce in the years of 1851-1860? 
In what year did Harvard Stadium become the first ever concrete reinforced stadium in the country? 
In what year was an early admission program reintroduced? 
What spacecraft contained data to determine the oxygen content of the Sun? 
What function does ozone perform for the planet? 
What is the key accomplishment of Genghis Khan that modern Mongolians celebrate? 
How does the D-loop finish replicating? 
Who first sent radio waves across the Atlantic? 
Rock units become thicker and shorten when placed under this type of compression. 
How old was Tesla when he wrote that he'd completed his dynamic theory of gravity? 
On what did Tesla blame for the loss of the initial money? 
Why did Kublai's successors lose control of the rest of the Mongol empire? 
What did Kllbrandon's report in 1973 recommend establishing? 
In what year will the Barack Obama Presidential Center be finished? 
What high maintenance part did Tesla's AC motor not require? 
Where was the Space Task Group located? 
Who wrote the eulogy? 
What would a teacher do for someone who is cocky? 
What force acted on bodies to retard their velocity? 
What area differs from other areas in the United Kingdom regarding education? 
In which year did Genghis Khan's grandson invade Kievan Rus'? 
How many teachers were found to have felt occupational stress in a 2000 study? 
Who was Tesla's nephew? 
Who took control of Edison's company. 
What organization did Harvard found in 1900? 
How many people lived in Fresno in 2000, according to the Census Bureau? 
What Harvard Alumni was the Palestine Prime Minister? 
What spelling of Genghis most closely matches its probable pronunciation? 
Is corporal punishment increasing or declining in the South? 
In what year did Nikola Tesla emigrate to the United States? 
Why was AC electricity gaining popularity? 
Where was Austrian Polytechnic located? 
In how many countries did Tesla hold patents? 
What is the atmosphere in a school using popularly based authority? 
Beginning in what year was Harvard on top of the World Reputation Rankings? 
Against what does reactive oxygen play in plant defense? 
Among whom was Genghis Khan's empire split after his death? 
An Account of Further Discoveries in Air was published by who in 1775? 
An important shaman was alleged to be trying to distance Genghis Khan from which of his brothers? 
Approximately how many items are in the costume collection of the V&A? 
Aside from being located on the coast, what contributes to Jacksonville's lack of cold weather? 
At what time did Tesla get dinner? 
At what temperature will oxygen condense? 
Besides fats, fatty acids, and amino acids,what other organic compounds contain oxygen? 
Besides Leibniz, what other mathematician proved the validity of Fermat's little theorem? 
Boycotting, refusing to pay taxes, sit ins, and draft dodging all make what harder? 
By 1897, how much had Tesla, Brown, and Peck received in royalties and licenses over the patents? 
By the opening of the 2008 General Conference, what was the total UMC membership overseas? 
By what process is singlet oxygen made in the tropophere? 
By what means were scientists able to liquefy air? 
Capital City and ABC sold the WXYZ-TV and WFTS-TV stations to what company? 
Colonialism often means a country doing what? 
Combustion is caused by an oxidant and a fuel. What role does oxygen play in combustion? 
Compared to other elements, how abundant does oxygen rank? 
During what type of climate is oxygen 18 in seawater at higher levels? 
For how long did Tesla receive this compensation? 
For what invention was U.S. Patent 1,655,114 granted? 
For what purpose is oxygen used by animal life? 
Fossils found that were believed to be ctenophores were how old? 
From where would scientists like measure vegetation radiance? 
From 2004 to 2005 Harvard reduced the number of students earning Latin honors from 90% to what? 
Harvard - Yale Regatta predates "The Game" by how many years? 
How were British able to cut supplies to Louisbourg? 
How is the O2 molecule referred to in its ground state? 
How was Temüjin kept imprisoned by the Tayichi'ud? 
How was Tesla's mechanical oscillator powered? 
How long are students required to learn Welsh? 
How much did Tesla say Edison offered him to redesign his motor and generators? 
How do Mongolians sometime describe their relationship to Genghis Khan? 
How far from state house in downtown Boston is Harvard Yard? 
How many graduate students does Harvard have? 
How many languages did Tesla know? 
How long are students required to learn Welsh? 
How long was he in bed from cholera? 
How many days does the Council have to override the mayor's veto? 
How many men did Duquesne send to relieve  Saint-Pierre ? 
How many metropolitan areas does Southern California's population encompass? 
How many screens does the Empire muliplex cinema have? 
How many followers does The Presbyterian Church of East Africa have? 
How many horsepower did Tesla's bladeless turbine have? 
How many people attended the 2003 IPCC meeting? 
How many soldiers did Genghis Khan take with him to Khwarezmia? 
How many tonnes of tomatoes does Victoria produce? 
How many total volumes are in the Harvard library system? 
How much did the Milton Friedman Institute roughly cost? 
How much does a Probationer earn, initially? 
How much did Tesla weigh? 
How much did Edison offer Tesla to redesign a motor and generators? 
How much does a Probationer earn, after 6 years of service? 
How many plant species make up the total in the rainforest? 
If NP is not equal to P, viewed through this lens, what type of problems can also be considered intractable? 
If a detention requires a pupil to just sit there, how are they required to sit? 
If the teacher focuses on maintaining order, what does this take time away from? 
Imperialism extends a country's power and what? 
In June 1884, where did Tesla relocate? 
In Latin America what is the most revered skin color? 
In what year was the first known experiments on combustion and air conducted? 
In which year did Genghis Khan strike against the Tanguts? 
In which year did Benjamin Lamme achieve success making the motor more efficient? 
In what year did Tesla's father die? 
In what city is the Nikola Tesla Museum? 
In early Pleistocene, what direction did the Rhine flow? 
In what sort of places are dry cooling towers used? 
In what year was the Apollo program announced? 
In what year did Harvard win an Intercolleiate Sailing Association National Championship? 
In what year was Henry Ware elected to chair? 
In what year did Tesla receive a Nobel Prize bid? 
In what year was the school formed? 
In which galleries are the French paintings donated by Jones displayed? 
In which year did the Royal College of Art gained full independence from the V&A? 
In which year was Möllendorff Dinner Service designed? 
In what year did Joseph Priestley recognize oxygen? 
In what year was Nikola Tesla born? 
In what year was a set of significant rule changes introduced including the forward pass? 
Jellyfish ans sea anemones belong to what phylum? 
Jochi's death occurred in what year? 
Later chronicles of Genghis Khan's death implicate a princess from what empire in his death? 
Name a text that might be used by a religious teacher to teach. 
Name one country that banned boating, driving and flying on Sundays. 
On what scale would scientists show measurements of vegetation? 
On what date did Henry Kissinger negotiate an Israeli troop withdrawal from the Sinai Peninsula? 
On what street was the Theatre Royal's replacement built? 
Other than New York where did Tesla conduct experiments? 
Other than T cells, what other immune cells express CYP27B1? 
Other than many sunny days, what characteristic is typical for the climate in souther California? 
Other than a peace-ray, what did reporters call the weapon? 
Other than his scientific achievements what was Tesla famous for? 
Starting in what year has Harvard topped the Academic Rankings of World Universities? 
Students build stronger relationships with what type of teachers? 
The church states that, as Christians, they are aware that neither the way of what is righteous before God?" 
The UMC established and is affiliated with approximately how many colleges and universities in the U.S.? 
The material in the V&A theatre collection is available for which use? 
The atomic number of the periodic table for oxygen? 
The time required to output an answer on a deterministic Turing machine is expressed as what? 
There was a 16th century Huguenot settlement near what modern day Florida city? 
To what place did he bring the injured pigeons to take care of them? 
To what century did the idea of ether belong? 
To monitor what event would measuring radiance from vegetation provide information? 
To what did Tesla attribute the unknown signals his radio received? 
To what pathogen that causes gas gangrene is oxygen poisonous? 
To what type of organisms is oxygen toxic? 
Upon what chemical characteristic is oxygen's solubility dependent? 
Was the school officially associated with any denomination? 
What Chinese dynasty did the Mongols found? 
What did NSFNET promote 
What Star Trek episode has a nod to Doctor Who? 
What was Temüjin' sister's name? 
What did Tesla do in Tomingaj? 
What did Tesla establish following his Colorado experiments? 
What was Tesla likely to do with his work? 
What did Tesla mistakenly believe X-rays were? 
What did Tesla work on in 1888? 
What did Tesla write? 
What was Tesla's belief as to the selling price of the biplane? 
What did Tesla's device work from the output of? 
What was Tesla's monthly consultant salary? 
What were Tesla's mother's special abilities? 
What was Tesla's plan to make students "bright"? 
What UN secretary went to Harvard? 
What is the United States busiest commercial port? 
What would a Preschool teacher make, salary-wise? 
Who actually won the prize? 
What animals did Tesla care for? 
What is another name for teaching within the family? 
What are Harvard's Pell grant reserves? 
What responsibilities are pharmacists believed to be taking on more in the future? 
What are the Catechisms of Martin Luther written in? 
What are the eight sermons called that Luther preached in March 1522? 
What organization arranged to founding of school? 
What ground based group did Tesla think the weapon could be used on? 
What was his belief as to what nature was supposed to be? 
What century did the Normans first gain their separate identity? 
What magnetic character do triplet O2 have? 
What characteristic of oxygen causes it to form bonds with other elements? 
What characteristic of oxygen makes it necessary to life? 
What chemist managed to make enough liquid oxygen to use for study? 
What chloroplast lineage is Cyanophora in? 
What colors was the 2001 ABC logo? 
What company was chosen to build an AC distribution system at Niagara Falls? 
What company took over Edison Machine Works? 
What company was chosen to build a two-phase AC generating system at Niagara Falls? 
What other compensation did Tesla get from Westinghouse? 
What are the components of drug therapy? 
What health condition can deep sea diving cause? 
What conditions must be met to prescribe a controlled substance? 
What modern-day country was Tesla born in? 
What cytokines are responsible for communication between white blood cells? 
What did his design avoid in not having a commutator? 
What river did Genghis Khan cross before defeating the main Tangut army? 
Who did Genghis Khan unite before he began conquering the rest of Eurasia? 
What year did Tesla avade the draft? 
What religion did Tesla grow up in? 
What did Tesla do with his patents causing him to lose them? 
What did Temüjin promise his followers in exchange for their obedience? 
When did the Herald Tribune publish its Tesla article? 
What did the Salafi movement put emphasis on? 
What did the Amazon rainforest do during the Middle Miocene? 
What did John Dalton think that all elements were in number present in compounds? 
What did Dalton think the atomic ratios were between atoms in compounds? 
What direction do ctenophore swim? 
What function do compounds like phenol and acetone serve in the manufacture of many other substances? 
What do extremely unequal societies tend to be? 
What do tribes use Google Earth and GPS for? 
What do you have to cross to reach the chloroplast in many secondary plastids? 
What does a writer for the International Crisis Group think the concept of political Islam is a creation of? 
What does the UN want to stabilize? 
What does the current high level of population have a large impact on? 
What does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine? 
What doesn't change from being at rest to movement at a constant velocity? 
What early Greek wrote about experiments on air and combustion? 
What element did Gay-Lussac and von Humboldt discover was present in twice the amount of oxygen in water? 
What element makes up almost half of the earth's crust by mass? 
What ended up being used for the streetcars in the place of Tesla's system? 
What entity is created if the three different institutions cannot come to a consensus at any stage? 
What famous artist later further investigated Philo's experiments? 
What tribe fell apart after Temüjin defeated Toghrul? 
What gas does the airline exothermic reaction produce? 
What is happening to the average age of teachers in Wales? 
What country has a problem with classroom discipline, even though scores on tests are high? 
What did he light at his laboratories to demonstrate his wireless power transmission? 
What was he hoping to stimulate with the toe squishing? 
What is important for a teacher to enjoy? 
What South African industry descended from Huguenot settlers? 
What interpretation of Islam is, for many of the adherents, the "gold standard" of their religion? 
What is this invisible radiant energy now known as? 
What is Kenya a founding member of? 
What is a Cairns replication intermediate? 
What is an example of a pump component? 
What river is located in the vicinity of the school? 
What is lower in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries? 
What is one condition that an element p of R must satisfy in order to be considered a prime element? 
What is the largest independent library outside of London? 
What is the longest river in Germany? 
What is the name of the mystical type of Islam? 
What is the name of the largest university press in the U.S? 
What is the other NHL team aside from the Anaheim Ducks to reside in Southern California? 
What job did Tesla's father have in Gospic? 
What kind of media can references to Tesla be found in 
What kind of company is Sky UK Limited? 
What landmark was Tesla asked about in regards to electricity in 1893? 
What did lane and vail finance? 
What liberal succeeded Joseph Willard as president? 
What makes static friction go up or down in responce to contact characteristics between an object and the surface it is on? 
What metal was used in Inalchuq's execution?